Okay then.
I'll tell you how I met Elvis.
It was when he came back
from Alpha Centauri.
You see, he had been living
there for the past 30 years
with friendly aliens.
He was almost dead
when they got him.
So they transferred his energy,
his essence,
into a bio-engineered body
they'd built for him
called a biosuit.
He looked a little different
but he felt
like he was 25 again.
At first he was happy,
they'd saved his life.
He saw what no other man
had ever seen.
He knew the friendship of beings
from another world
and he found new fans
everywhere he went.
Turns out music really
is the universal language.
So the universe loved Elvis,
of course.
But as the years went by,
he got more and more homesick.
Something was troubling him.
He took to singing the blues,
his heart was filled with pain.
The aliens were so empathetic
they could hardly bear it
when he sang those sad songs.
So they decided
to take him back home,
so maybe he could
be happy again.
There was just one problem,
you see, the body they'd built
for Elvis
had been grown in space,
in a low gravity environment.
The aliens didn't know how the
cells would hold up on Earth.
I mean, you got your gravity,
atmospheric pressure,
and whatnot,
out in space, they didn't have
those kinda problems.
What they did know
was that the skeleton
would start to collapse,
and the cells would age
at an accelerated rate.
His organs
would cease to function,
and his heart
would stop beating.
If he didn't get back
to the ship in time,
he would die.
But Elvis didn't care.
He was willing to
take the chance,
he had to take the chance.
He's coming.
It cannot be stopped,
he sends you this message.
Can you please help me
find a woman named Linda?
Linda Beth Truman,
born around 1960.
I don't have much time,
so please,
please help me
find Linda Truman.
It was 2007,
out there on federal land.
The CIA picked him up...
Good evening, sir.
...somewhere
south of Vegas.
Top secret stuff.
Only those
with top level clearances
knew about the mission.
This group of agents
was a special detail
organized by the CIA
to escort and protect Elvis
while he was here on Earth.
Oh, yeah.
Kirby's in the car,
they've picked up the guy
and they'll be here any minute.
Yes sir.
Why they wanna do this
in the middle of the
damn night's beyond me.
I'm getting too old for this.
When they said "Vegas,"
this is not
what I was expecting.
Hey, Kirby, I'm putting
the president's office through
to Agent Messina
on a secure line.
Agent Messina
was a rookie,
but she was the expert
on Elvis Presley.
Yes, sir?
Yes, Mr. President,
he's right here.
He's ready to rock.
Yes, he's ready to rock-n-roll.
Um...
Yes, I understand,
Mr. President.
We'll do it, sir.
Hello, sir.
Just wanted to say that
I'm proud of what you're doing
for our Roswell project.
We look forward to your
continued cooperation.
I wanted to tell ya
that I am a big fan
and so are my daughters.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Burrows, as you know,
we are in communication
with your friends.
Why did you come back?
We had an agreement,
and we thought
you were happy up there.
We made clear that
this is most uncomfortable
for us.
We want you to take him back.
We will not.
And why not?
It is his wish to see his child.
To hell with his wishes!
They were supposed
to be going to Vegas,
but they drove right through.
Elvis started to feel
a little uneasy.
Has the Linda
meeting been set up?
Not yet, the chief
will explain that to you.
It was a
simple little building,
way off the road,
you'd barely notice it,
but it had levels that
went deep underground,
some people say
like 15 floors down.
Deep into the bedrock
of the mountains.
They say government scientists
had alien bodies down there
and they did experiments.
When Area 51 closed down,
the government just moved
all of that stuff out there
and called it Area 52.
I'm all the way
down here on level 10.
This place gives me the creeps.
And don't even talk about
what's in those labs.
I thought I saw a head
in a cabinet the other day.
We can't just let you
wander around freely.
I'm afraid you'll be
considered under house arrest
until further notice.
Wait a minute,
this is not part of the mission.
We're supposed to
simply communicate.
We have orders, Messina,
orders which you
are not privy to.
Now stay out of this,
and don't ever
question me again.
Is that clear?
Now she
was in over her head,
but, she had a job to do,
and she was gonna do it.
Now, the guys at the top
had bigger problems.
Do you know they
sent in the freakin' Chairman?
What?
Now, what in the hell
could be going on out here
in the middle of nowhere
that they need to send
in the damn Chairman?
He's upstairs, I gotta go.
Our little friends at Roswell
are full of some
pretty neat tricks.
True, but we've known
that for some time.
Of course, the aliens
knew all about Area 52.
They'd gone there long ago
to see what the CIA was up to.
They'd gone over every inch
of that place,
and had cameras everywhere.
So, what now, sir,
we just keep him here forever?
No, no, no.
I tell you what, we phone home,
we tell our friends we wanna
return the package ASAP.
All right,
you heard the man,
let's get back to work.
The other agents
closed ranks.
Messina felt the chill.
His presence here
is potentially disastrous!
He is entitled to some time
on his own.
He was never a prisoner.
I believe your people call it
a karmic imperative.
Karmic imperative?
He needed some time at home.
Damn this thing!
I hate supercilious aliens
from Alpha Centauri.
There's just
something about them.
What now, sir?
Well, we keep him confined
until further notice,
we don't have any choice.
Baba Duece!
Probably break the safe, man.
Give it up for JJ Fatmac
so big they call him Falvis
Right to the balls then, huh?
Tompkins, please admit
the lovely Agent Messina.
- Yes, sir.
- She's cleared to deliver lunch.
Hungry?
Is there anything you need?
Yes, sir, all set.
Monitor the cell at all times,
do not leave my post,
and notify you of any
status changes ASAP, sir.
But as it turned out,
Agent Messina
had some friends of her own.
Untraceable, invisible,
and highly reliable friends.
Well, how's my
favorite secret agent?
Hi, Folger, long time no speak.
Listen, I need a favor from you.
Kiddo,
you saved my life back
in that Pakistan nightmare.
I still owe you big time.
Have you heard
of Project King: Memphis Rising?
Well, I'm a part
of it, sort of.
I'm not in the loop.
Messina, my dear,
if there was something called
Project King: Memphis Rising,
I'd know about it.
Would you?
Two Irishmen are
walking past a pub in Dublin,
it could happen, you know?
Huh?
Oh, god.
I'm sick.
Something is happening.
Somebody, somebody, help me.
Tompkins, check on him,
something's wrong.
Yes, sir.
I'll check on him right away.
Tompkins, Tompkins.
Working with the
United States government?
Elvis?
Folger, can you do
some digging for me?
I'm an ex-spy, dear.
But according to the plate
on the door a bit of a big shot.
Come on.
Do you have any idea
what you're involved in?
I do.
"Project King:
Memphis Rising."
Initiated August 16, 1977.
The clandestine removal
of the dying Elvis Presley.
A substitute corpse planted
in Graceland mansion.
And then subsequent transfer
to the Roswellian collective
founded on September 1, 1946.
Then by saucer
to the planet Gleedus.
Let me save you
from further reading.
I'm a part of the unit
that was supposed to meet
the reconstituted essence
of the late Elvis Presley,
code name JB, at a location
not far from Las Vegas, Nevada
for reasons that are
further classified,
et cetera, et cetera.
What do you want me to do?
The King is back, Folger.
We have a rogue operation
within the company
that is trying to contain him.
Again, for national
security purposes.
You have a good night, sir, huh.
But JB's gonna need some help.
Can I ask you for another favor?
Name it.
Round up his old crew.
Friends, band mates,
bodyguards, anyone.
I'll do a global, but why?
Listen, I need to call you back.
I'll talk to you later.
Space aliens?
Sir, something's happened.
He was sick,
Tompkins opened the door,
and the whole system went dead.
Tompkins is
no longer responding.
I can't reach anybody.
We have no backup, sir.
It's so dark down here.
Freeze, JB.
Now what?
Now...
get the hell outta here.
So that's how Elvis escaped
from the CIA.
Vegas is a tough town,
and I was mixed up
with some of the toughest.
I owed money to Big Little Joey.
Joey was a bully
and a bottom feeder.
You could always find him
at the cheapest place in town
making everybody miserable.
Let me see
just what I'm paying for.
- Oh, that'll cost you extra.
- Come on.
Hey, don't worry about nothing,
you're gonna get your money.
Now, let me see.
- Take off your top!
- Ow!
Ho, and you do mama, you do.
Okay, sweetie, come on up here
a little higher.
And I wasn't worried,
I knew I had the contest
sewn up.
All the people loved me.
It was gonna be
just like last year.
All the usual players.
Liberty Rocket was back,
he was mostly in it
for the clothes.
For Big El, it was really
all about the dance.
And of course, JJ Harris,
back and bigger than ever.
Yeah, he was an emotional wreck,
and binge eating.
JJ what are you doing?
But the mob was
putting pressure on Joey,
and Joey was loving
putting the squeeze on me.
Come on, come on, baby, come on.
Yeah, oh yeah, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, you got hands.
Oh, you've got some hands.
Yeah, go for it, baby.
Morning, sweetheart.
Hi, baby.
Uh-oh, sweet touch.
All right, let's go Scissors,
before I lose my temper.
So I had to win
to pay off those thugs
and get Joey off my back
once and for all.
Bastard!
So that's how I got so into it.
It wasn't just
another Elvis contest,
this one was for everything.
It's the 1970's
Elvis World Crown Competition.
New songs written
for The King himself,
and a $500,000 prize
are bringing out the world's
best Elvis impersonators.
You don't wanna miss this,
all next week at the
Desert Sand Hotel and Theater
September 5, 6, 7, and 8,
2:00 and 8:00 p.m.
Tickets on sale now
at 1970Elvis.com.
In Vegas, baby.
The 1970's Elvis
World Crown Competition
was run by Ms. Jackie Nolan,
and she loved Elvis
in all of his many forms.
- Thank you very much.
- Mm, looking sharp, gentlemen.
Ooh, I'm sorry ma'am, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay, young lady?
I'm fine,
I do that all the time.
I'm kinda like a klutz queen.
- I see.
- Sorry.
It's okay.
Sorry, fellas.
I'm on the list, ma'am,
name is John Burrows.
Uh, your name
is not on the list, sir,
and registration
is almost closed.
I don't understand,
there must be some mistake.
One moment.
Now, Jackie knew
JB's name was on the list,
she was holding the list.
- JB.
- Yes ma'am.
Looks like you're all set.
Good luck, Mr. Burrows.
Jackie Nolan, meeting you
may be all the luck I need.
♪ Already love you, whoa ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Baby it's you, oh ♪
Thank you, God bless you all,
thank you.
Let's hear it, ladies
and gentlemen, the Big M,
last year's 1970's Elvis
World Crown Champion.
Remember, here,
Elvis is always in the building.
And we have the best pay out
slots on the strip.
So, as always,
have a good and lucky night.
He couldn't believe it,
he was in Vegas,
again.
He wondered if the
people he knew and loved
would be able to recognize him.
Would Linda accept him?
Would the fans?
He just didn't know.
Once, he ruled this town,
now, he was a stranger.
It felt like a dream,
and soon. it would be over.
We had some of our best
people on the job, sir.
Tompkins is a damn black belt.
Excuse me, a black belt, sir.
We felt certain
we had JB contained.
Yeah, but now,
he's loose on the world
very good work, Chief.
Allow me to applaud your...
How should I put it?
Glacial progress in this matter.
Sir, we feel that we will
have him in custody shortly.
Our resources are already
at work on it now.
Well,
since we can kill a sparrow
with a suborbital satellite,
our resources better
be pretty damn good.
Their resources stank.
The CIA didn't know
where Elvis was,
but the aliens did.
He was in Vegas, baby.
He loved the feel
of real gravity
and breathing
the cool, desert night air.
Right here, right now.
Being alive felt amazing.
He was flying, he was home,
it was Vegas,
and he was The King.
And tonight
on "Your Vegas News at 11,"
it's Barry from "Barry Live!"
He's here in Vegas
to host the 1970's Elvis
World Crown Competition,
with an unheard
of half million dollar prize.
Coming up next.
Barry, can you give us
a statement?
I am honored that
they've asked me back
to host the 1970's Elvis
World Crown Competition
once again this year.
All of these performers,
they truly love The King.
And this is how they chose
to remember him,
as a vibrant, powerful singer.
And a world class showman.
I'm proud to be a part of it.
Barry, this
event goes on for four days,
will you be covering
it on your show?
You bet, tune in tomorrow,
we'll be recapping each day's
events on "Barry Live,"
and this is the biggest prize
that's ever been
offered in the category.
And well, we're expecting
a lot of excitement.
Stay tuned
for more of your Vegas news
after this.
The next morning,
the CIA must've been
watching "Barry Live!"
I'm sure they were
just loving it.
Imagine, they couldn't control
what was coming
outta Barry's mouth,
it was live TV.
It was just this crazy moment
where they couldn't
touch anyone.
It was all too public.
♪ Barry Live ♪
♪ Very, very, very live ♪
♪ Give it up now ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
Hello everybody, and welcome,
welcome to a very special
edition of "Barry Live!"
All this week we are in
beautiful and exciting
Las Vegas, Nevada
where I am so honored to be
here to host for the second time
the 1970s Elvis World
Crown Competition.
Now last night was
the opening ceremony
where last year's winner,
Big M, a fantastic performer,
kicked off
this year's competition
for an incredible
$500,000 prize.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Give it up, give it up
Give it up ♪
Now some people ask me,
why focus on the 1970's Elvis?
Well, it turns out that
among rabid Elvis fans,
those last years were
some of The King's best.
Because of the problems
he endured,
it opened his heart in a way
that touched so many so deeply.
So today, we wanna talk about
the cult of the '70s Elvis.
It turns out that
when The King was,
well, more king sized
his fans loved him just the
same, and it's still true today.
Take a look at some
of these contestants.
It's hard to believe,
but women of all ages
are here in Vegas to scream
and shout in celebration
of these whale-sized
competitors.
I believe that when it comes
to the memory of Elvis,
Vegas loves and misses him
in an especially deep way.
He will always be The King here.
And although the fans
were out last night,
later today,
we expect record crowds
at the preliminary rounds
where we'll see some old
favorites from years past.
And some new talent out
to prove their The King of kings
and take home that half
million dollar prize.
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
Are you the lady
we're supposed to see?
I am, gentlemen,
have seat.
Agent Messina had
been doing her homework.
First, she got her
man on the inside
to find Elvis' old
security force,
Sonny West and The Rock.
And had them flown to Vegas.
Now, she had to tell them
everything she knew about JB,
and they had to believe her
because she needed their help
to protect him.
Elvis needed protection
from the CIA.
What I'm about to tell you
is gonna blow your mind.
You're gonna have
to trust me on this.
So she told 'em
about the alien's ship,
and how they
had kept Elvis alive,
and how he was back.
And the CIA
wasn't happy about it.
He was about to go
onstage and sing,
and they could go
see for themselves.
If he ever needed 'em,
he needed 'em now.
You nervous, JB?
Oh, not at all,
but I do get butterflies
when I'm talking to you.
Oh, you flatter me.
Hmm. I'm trying.
Hell, maybe we can have
a ginger ale later on.
Talk about my nerves.
I do tend to drink
a bit stronger.
Thank you, thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
up next, a new comer
to the World Crown Competition,
ladies and gentlemen,
John Burrows.
Every night,
JB exploded onto the stage,
the air was electrified...
♪ Well, you musta been a cutie ♪
...and the audience
went wild.
♪ Just a looking at your lady ♪
♪ When she said just a little ♪
♪ Just a little
Of your loving tonight ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ I'm up and I'm a ready
Gonna rock-n-roll tonight ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
I'd never seen
anything like it.
The way he worked the crowd.
Every woman wanted him,
and somehow, he managed
to take them all.
♪ Come a little closer
Gonna rock your world tonight ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Hey, rock your world ♪
They couldn't get enough.
♪ I love it
When you're near me ♪
♪ Come a little closer, uh-huh ♪
The screams were so loud
you could barely hear the band.
But nobody cared 'cause
Elvis was in the building.
♪ Ho ♪
♪ Well, the Lord of the dance
Was shaking on the dance floor ♪
I'm not sure how
many women fainted that night
but the crush of the stares
was incredible.
♪ Every time I see you
I'ma outta control ♪
♪ My temperature's rising
And I'm stuck on go, let's go ♪
But he didn't stop.
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Oh ♪
He just kept on coming.
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Oh, a big fat smile,
The day you were made ♪
♪ You took that mold
And threw it away ♪
♪ You rock ♪
♪ Rock, rock, rock ♪
♪ Oh, rock me, baby ♪
♪ Ooh, I love you already ♪
While JB
was ripping it up onstage,
the other guys were in a panic.
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ I'ma rocking
Your world tonight ♪
I'm gonna write
my name right there.
No, no, no... No way, man.
♪ Ooh, I know
That you're ready ♪
♪ Come a little closer ♪
And no one
was ready to give up
on that crazy big check,
especially me.
♪ Come on, baby, I'ma rock... ♪
Who was this guy?
There was something about him.
He was new
and yet it all felt so familiar.
♪ Hey! ♪
And we weren't
the only ones noticing.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. John Burrows.
Whoo.
Ladies and gentlemen,
was that hot or what?
What do you do if you have
John Burrows in the bathtub?
You throw in your dirty laundry.
Think I hurt something
for God sakes.
Coming up, our next finalist,
ladies and gentlemen,
enjoy the competition!
Of course,
JJ was on right after Elvis,
the real Elvis.
♪ You were young
And so alive when we first met ♪
♪ And I never thought
You'd ever go away ♪
He knew it was hopeless.
♪ Then one day ♪
♪ My chance was gone ♪
♪ When the angels
Took you away ♪
♪ My chance was lost
On that faithful day ♪
♪ But I always thought I had
One last chance to love you ♪
♪ I had my chance ♪
Even his mother
felt bad.
But I wasn't giving
up that easy.
♪ Do all the things ♪
Hey there,
you must be Big M, right?
JB, I hear, too, huh?
Hey, you good boy,
you real good.
But you ain't gonna win.
You see, I saw Elvis
in concert 13 times.
Thirteen times.
Yeah, and you got to
have the groove.
Yeah, 13 times,
that outta do it.
If you'll excuse me, son,
I really gotta get going,
I got a rather crucial
appointment I gotta get to.
I started to feel
kinda funny about this guy.
How could he just come
from nowhere and be so good?
Thirteen times, got to have
a groove, got to have a move.
Not bad, I gotta admit it.
Thanks, friend.
I thought I was
a little bit rusty myself.
I'll see you next time.
How he'd come
outta nowhere and do that?
If I were you,
I would just not worry.
Hey, man.
You know, I don't know
who you are,
or where the hell you come from,
but it's gonna be a good fight,
and I love a challenge.
And let's just see
if you make it
to the finals there, pretty boy.
Yeah, let's see.
Hey, JB.
But you kiss off the damn floor.
- Oh, hi.
- Yeah, hi yourself.
You know, those boys are right,
you're not bad,
but you're not as good as me.
Well, that's what
Big M said, too.
A lotta modesty in this place.
I ain't the modest
type son of a B.
I mean, JB.
No kidding,
you coulda fooled me.
Yeah, laugh it up, funny boy.
See what happens when the
chickens come home to roost.
I thought you were
gonna stand me up.
Mm-mm, I'm real thirsty.
Oh. I'm kinda feeling
that way myself.
I could go for something...
I think I know.
♪ The moment that
You walked into the room ♪
♪ I knew you were the one ♪
♪ You sparked a love
Light in my eyes ♪
♪ Sent me on a run ♪
♪ If I never
Would have known you ♪
♪ Don't know what I'd do ♪
♪ Baby, it was you ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
- Yeah.
- Mr. Burrows.
As you know,
we had an agreement.
What?
Be right back.
Wait a minute,
hold on a second, what?
Unless we see you soon, JB,
your daughter's gonna take
that long ride.
And I don't mean to Gleedus.
What are you talking about?
My daughter?
You come now,
quickly and quietly,
this all ends well.
We're tired of this chase.
You son of a bitch,
I can't believe this.
Half an hour, here.
Don't disappoint me.
Are you calling to tell me
you've got my baby?
JB, there's someone
here to see you.
Agent Messina, this is Jackie.
Jackie, Agent Messina.
Official government business.
What's going on?
I'll explain later, baby,
we'll be okay.
Don't you worry about a thing.
Will you excuse us?
- Yeah.
- Just give us a minute.
JB, you can't turn
yourself in right now.
Quite frankly,
I am nervous
about everything
that's going on.
They have my daughter,
they have my baby.
Your boss called
and said if I didn't...
We have time.
JB, you hold all
the cards right now.
They have
your daughter,
but you are in a very
public competition
and they're not gonna
wanna cause a scene.
Just do me a favor,
let me see what I can find out.
And, please, just don't
do anything crazy.
He was dying
to do something,
anything.
Knowing the CIA
had Linda did make him crazy.
At this point, he didn't know
what those people
were capable of.
But Agent Messina
said she had a plan.
So she sent them off
to the local diner
to wait further instructions.
Is it possible?
Sonny West,
I can't believe my eyes.
I gotta tell you something.
I'm very sorry that I never
got to say goodbye to you.
Yeah.
I loved you, man, I missed you.
Yeah, yeah.
I know The Rock did, too.
And when the curtain
comes down on the finalists,
it's gonna make some big
headlines, you know that.
It's like it's all over again,
this stuff starts all over.
I know it, man.
We'll be there for you.
Yeah, yeah.
We will be there for you,
right, Rock?
Yeah.
I'm gonna need real tight
security from here on out.
It's gonna be something,
it's gonna be a hell of a ride
out there, Rock?
- Yeah. God...
- God...
30 years, man.
Hey, man.
♪ Barry Live ♪
♪ Very, very ♪
♪ Give it up now ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
Hello everyone,
and welcome,
welcome to another special
edition of "Barry Live!"
Coming to you from
the amazing Las Vegas, Nevada,
and the 1970's
Elvis World Crown Competition.
This contest has certainly
delivered on so many levels.
First of all, last night's
musical competition
was incredible.
There is a new kid in town,
and he's putting
the other Elvis' to shame.
Mr. John Burrows
came from nowhere
to wow the audiences last night.
He seemed to actually
be Elvis at times
as he took the stage and rocked
the house with authority.
This guy is amazing.
I couldn't believe my eyes,
and neither could
the sold out crowd
who went wild for this new guy.
Sir, he's all over the TV,
he entered some contest
at the Desert Sand Hotel,
and he's winning.
Everybody's talking about it,
he's on "Barry Live!" now.
On a sad note, a beloved
performer, Mr. JJ Harris,
was spotted in this
exclusive cell phone video,
as he attempted
to end his own life
after seeing
Mr. Burrows perform.
I'm heading home, pal,
I ain't gonna win this thing.
Not against JB.
And I can't take the pain.
Time to hold hands with Jesus.
Come on, JJ, it's just a show.
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
Of course, with a cool
half mil in the balance,
everyone is feeling
the pressure.
Later today and tonight,
the competition continues
with round after round
of fierce live performances.
I have never seen
anything like it.
So, be sure to tune in tomorrow
for more about this epic
and historic competition.
Coming up next,
fan fashion and dining bargains
everyone should know about.
Right here on "Barry Live!"
We'll be right back.
We got two of them there judges
in our pocket already.
Yeah, we need to get rid
of this guy JB,
and fast, he's drawing
too much attention.
We don't need to do nothing
to JB, okay?
I'm gonna win.
Don't worry, I'm gonna get
you your money, somehow.
And maybe I can place
a bet on tonight's game.
Sure, you got great credit.
Listen pal, we can't
take any chances
and you should be happy
we're doing everything possible
to see you're the champ.
I wanna make it clear
to this putz,
that he delivers or he dies!
Are we're perfectly... clear
on this very simple point?
Win or die, putz!
Don't you worry about a thing,
we're the good fellows here.
He won't show up in Friday's
top 10, I guarantee it.
Keep practicing.
"Love Me Tender,"
"Viva Las Vegas."
Hey, I love this shirt.
This was starting
to feel like a real nightmare.
The guys were
all doing overtime
trying to impress the fans.
As I pulled up in the limo
and saw them there,
I felt a glimmer of hope.
Big M, you're my man,
I love you!
It started
to feel like last year.
He's gonna make the finals.
They still loved me.
I still had it.
Until he stepped in.
JB is awesome!
It was
as if I'd disappeared.
They were all over him,
and he was just eating it up.
But every move was perfection.
Good luck, JB,
we look forward to seeing you
during the duration
of the competition.
Thank you very much.
And the World Crown Elvis
event continues its momentum.
I'm Lynn Martin reporting
from fabulous Las Vegas.
Have a rocking, rolling,
hunk-a-burning loving afternoon.
Well, you are
the front runner, JB,
that's what the latest
news flash says.
Well, I haven't
heard that myself,
but I'll take your word for it.
Come on, man, this ain't over.
When I do "Blue Suede Shoes,"
it's curtains for all you guys.
Forget that, I got
a pair of Elvis shoes.
I got it from Elvis'
Uncle Vester in Graceland.
Now if that ain't luck,
I don't know what is.
I got a pair of shoes
at the arena,
April 1976, Long Beach.
Hey, Big M, what's wrong,
where you going, man?
You dudes are unbelievable.
My nerves were on edge.
Big Little Joey
wasn't fooling around.
And while JB seemed so cool,
all of the waiting for Linda
was really starting
to get to him.
Excuse me.
♪ Sparked a love
Light in my eyes ♪
♪ Sent on a run ♪
♪ If I never would
have known you ♪
♪ Don't know what I'd do ♪
- Hey.
- Hey, baby.
Who do you need to call?
And old friend
in Washington D.C.
In the music business?
No, the spy business.
Bobby?
Is this really you, old friend?
It is, you recognize
our special password.
Well, no one else
knew about pelvis hell.
But listen to me now,
I need your help.
I'm down here
for just a short time,
and some folks in your company
have grabbed my daughter.
What?
A rogue operation in my company?
I'm afraid so, can you help?
Do you trust me?
Of course.
Like I said,
some things never change.
Good, got a pen and paper?
Sir, he's on the road
driving here now.
All right.
Too risky
to nab him at the hotel,
too damn much visibility.
You know, the last thing we need
is a national scandal.
Exactly, sir,
that stupid contest.
We couldn't get near him.
The place is crawling
with press.
Dammed clever of him.
Even now, we'd
be smart to let him get back.
He's gonna be missed
if he doesn't return.
Nonsense.
Every second he's out there,
he's a liability.
That may be true, sir,
but trust me,
keeping him alive
and keeping him controlled
is gonna be a trick.
The car is approaching,
but he's not alone,
the lovely Agent Messina
is in the vehicle.
She is most certainly armed.
What is she thinking?
All units, pull back
to lower levels.
I repeat, all units
to lower levels immediately.
We have a code red.
I gave this to her
when she was six.
She's kept it all this time.
I'm sorry, JB,
she was here when I left.
What happened?
We're gonna find her,
we're gonna save the fight
for another day, let's go.
We'll try again, JB.
Next time, we'll bring in
your friends as reinforcements,
I'll make some phone calls
and see who else
we can get on board.
Are they gonna hurt her?
No, they're not gonna hurt her.
They're just trying
to intimidate him.
Yeah.
Stay off the radar.
You're persona non grata
and helping the enemy.
Got it, thanks.
How's The King?
Oh, he's holding up,
we'll talk later.
Who was that?
That was just a friend.
Next time, when we go in,
it'll be on our terms.
How?
I'm working on that.
Don't you have
a competition to win?
How can you think
of that right now?
Does it really
matter all that much?
Now, that was
when Jackie realized
that JB didn't care about
winning the contest,
he cared about her.
Coming up next
on "The Mona Winters Show,"
Elvis is in the building.
Mona talks
to 1970's Elvis World Crown
Competition front runner,
Mr. John Burrows.
Suddenly,
it seemed like JB
was on every channel.
He did in a few days
what it had taken the rest of us
years to achieve.
So tell me JB,
how long have you been
an Elvis impersonator?
A couple years, ma'am,
by the way, thank you so much
for having me on this show.
I know I'm kinda
the new boy in town.
I see you have a few friends
in the champ circuit.
What did you do before
you were an Elvis impersonator?
I was in production,
you know,
behind the scenes, ma'am.
Unseen hands, so to speak.
Do you think
you'll win the contest?
I'm just happy to be
singing again, you know, uh,
for fans
who appreciate my music.
Now, some still believe
Elvis is alive.
Do you believe that?
Well, anything
is possible, Mona.
There are many, many mysteries
in heaven and Earth.
I guess.
Well, I wish you luck, JB.
I mean, Elvis.
That was JB,
one of the finalists this week
in the 1970's Elvis
World Crown Championship.
Stay tuned, we'll be right back.
Thank you, JB.
So I don't know, Mickey,
you really think I can beat JB?
Listen to me, old friend,
on Sunday night,
you upstage him, simple as that.
But he's good, Mickey.
He's real good.
JB is good, even great,
but he's not Elvis,
for God sakes.
Sometimes, I think he is Elvis.
Ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the semi-finals.
Tonight, we have
the top 10 finalists
right here performing
on this stage for you.
Later on this evening,
we're gonna pick the top four
to perform for you on this stage
where in the 1970s
Elvis Presley himself
performed many times.
So, ladies and gentlemen,
without delay,
I'd like to introduce to you
the pride
of the Graceland mafia.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Big M!
♪ You dress
Just like a fantasy ♪
♪ You're acting like a dream ♪
♪ Oh, I thought to myself ♪
♪ Could it really be? ♪
♪ I've never let a woman ♪
♪ Come this close before ♪
♪ I've always been
A man to leave my heart ♪
♪ Outside the door ♪
♪ Now I'm held ♪
♪ Captive by your love ♪
♪ Every time I'm near you ♪
♪ I'm captive by your love ♪
♪ Without a thought
Of breaking loose ♪
♪ So many times before ♪
♪ This feeling
Couldn't hold me down ♪
♪ But I'm held captive
By you now ♪
Ladies and gentlemen, up next,
straight from Graceland
via New York City,
ladies and gentlemen,
Liberty Rocket.
♪ So you asked me
How I'm feeling ♪
♪ I'd be doing better
If you were gonna stay ♪
♪ I saw you standing
In the park with him ♪
♪ Holding hands so nice
And caressing you ♪
♪ I know you think he's
Gonna show you a better way ♪
♪ But, baby
I want the best for you ♪
♪ You know that I do ♪
♪ Yes, I want the best for you ♪
♪ Baby, you know
That it's true ♪
♪ I just wish that you would
Stop and listen, baby ♪
♪ 'Cause the best
For you, girl ♪
♪ Is me ♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome the newcomer
to tonight's competition.
John Burrows.
♪ Please come back
Please come home ♪
♪ Need someone to call my own ♪
♪ So won't you please
Come back home? ♪
♪ Please come back
Please come home ♪
♪ Without you here
I feel unknown ♪
♪ I need someone
To call my own ♪
♪ Won't you please ♪
♪ Come back ♪
♪ Home ♪
Mr. John Burrows!
Ladies and gentlemen,
right here tomorrow night
on this very stage
where Elvis himself
appeared many
times we will crown
the 1970's Elvis World Crown
Champion, so don't miss it.
Remember, get out there
because the tables
are always hot
and full of excitement.
So as always, good
luck, and good night.
Thank you!
Now, the mob was sure
JB was gonna win that half mil.
So as Vegas slipped off
into a velvety slumber,
Big Little Joey
made his plan to deal with JB.
And he knew
just where to find him.
In Jackie Nolan's suite.
See ya, Elvis, darling.
Everybody in town
knew about JB and Jackie.
Sure, at first, the guys
were all up in arms about it,
but, the fact was, everybody
really did love Jackie.
And no one had ever
seen her so happy.
♪ Give it up,
give it up Give it up ♪
♪ Barry Live ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Very, very, very live ♪
♪ Give it up now ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
Hello everybody, and welcome,
welcome to "Barry Live!"
And I am so excited
to give you the latest
on the 1970's
Elvis World Crown Competition!
What Elvis didn't know
was that Joey
put that girl there.
- Hey, how ya doing?
- You look like.
- Can I get your autograph?
- You got a paper?
I got something
for you right here.
And what
Joey didn't know was...
the power of Elvis in a biosuit.
Ow!
Sorry, honey, I'll just
get you that autograph later.
- Hey, guys.
- We're Homeland Security.
We're Homeland Security.
What do you work out
in Las Vegas?
As you know,
we have been closely following
the dark horse candidate,
Mr. John Burrows.
Yesterday, I showed you
some clips
of his electrifying performance.
We are all just getting
to know this competitor,
and finding out about
him has turned out
to be a lot harder than
anyone imagined.
My staff has been
working overtime
trying to find out
the 4-1-1 on this fan favorite.
For instance, yesterday
on "The Mona Winters Show,"
this is what he had
to say when Mona
asked John Burrows
what he used to do.
I was in production,
you know,
behind the scenes, ma'am.
Unseen hands, so to speak.
So we got our people
on it last night,
and here's what we found.
We couldn't find out anything
about this mystery man.
He has no birth certificates,
no work record,
no graduations, or arrests,
or marriages, or photographs.
He is a man without a past.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is
not what we expected to find,
but, it is what it is.
And we here at "Barry Live!"
are committed
to bringing the facts to you,
our viewing audience.
And coming up next,
is John Burrows
simply the stage name
of this man from nowhere,
or is it something else?
All that and more
right after this.
♪ Barry live ♪
Tonight on
your Vegas News at 11,
Elvis is back, now,
where can you find him?
Local contest
makes national news
as crowds go crazy
for mystery contestant.
And the Vegas strip
gets a little help from above
as UFO sightings are up by 40%.
No comment from authorities,
all that and more tonight
on "Your Vegas News at 11."
See you then.
So that last day,
the day of the finals,
I was on stage
doing the sound check
and warming up the band.
♪ Spent my life
On the second chances ♪
♪ Never had much luck
On slow romances ♪
After that, me and the guys
were hanging out backstage,
it had been a long,
hard contest.
It was actually nice
to just be together
and let off a little steam.
Okay, gonna have us
a little hoedown here, huh?
Then he found us.
...the way for
I want you to do it.
Are you crazy?
I wonder what he thought
of all of us there.
Okay, okay, Osama
been there done that.
Then he came right into
the room with the rest of us.
♪ Hello to the riff
From Madame's King ♪
♪ She said I had him wake up
'Cause I just met a good woman ♪
♪ Yeah, come on everybody ♪
♪ A good woman ♪
- Oh, not again.
- Oh, excuse me, fellas,
- I'll be right back.
- We didn't know
where he was going.
Party pooper.
I guess I thought it was
a girl or something like that.
Come on, guys.
Turned out it was Linda.
It was all about Linda.
♪ A good woman ♪
You see, just before
Elvis went into the service
he was staying with his family
in Memphis.
One night, he and his buddies
went to a dance
where he met Sally,
a young nurse.
They really hit it off and
they left the dance together.
Things got a little outta hand,
she was star struck
and he was love struck.
And before you knew it,
they'd gone too far.
Problem was
she had a guy back home
and Elvis was fixing
to leave the country.
Around six months later,
she sent him a letter.
She was getting married
and there was a baby on the way.
She begged him
to keep their secret.
Now Elvis had a new girl
and a career
and nothing good could come
of telling anyone anything.
So, he kept his mouth shut.
Linda's daddy died
when she was just a little girl.
By then, Elvis was married
and onto a life of his own.
But he always kept tabs
on Linda.
And her mama sent pictures.
She always sent pictures.
Then one day,
the pictures stopped
and he found out
that Sally had died.
He knew Linda was alone,
and he meant to contact her
and tell her his story.
But fate stepped in
and he never had the chance.
Now, he was here
to make things right.
No one was gonna
stop him, no one.
♪ C'mon, c'mon ♪
So who is this John Burrows,
and where did he come from?
Some say that, somehow,
he really is Elvis Presley,
come back to bring us
just a little more music.
A little more magic,
and a little more
of his soulful presence
which we miss so keenly.
Regardless of
where he comes from
that Mona Winters
appearance caused such a run
on tickets for tonight's final,
they crashed the website.
So tonight's crowds
will be record breaking.
And we will all be watching
from the biggest room
the Sand Hotel and Theater
has to offer.
The rumors about this
instant legend, Mr. Burrows,
are surely the reason
this contest
has become such
a media sensation.
Usually, each candidate
is more than happy
to tell us
about their life and times,
today, we have a man who has
nothing to say about himself.
He simply brings down
the house
every time he hits the stage.
Coming up next, UFO territory,
why are there so many sightings
around the Nevada desert?
If the government knows,
why don't they tell us?
And if they don't know, why not?
Next on "Barry Live!"
I don't understand any of this,
who are you people?
I wouldn't, Messina.
Hello, King.
Bobby.
That's right.
What's this all about?
Two words, son.
National security.
I don't understand.
Your presence here
is a real liability.
You betrayed me, Bobby.
You're one of them.
Oh, hell, I've always
been one of them.
King, look, do you realize
the knowledge that you possess?
I mean, the people
you once knew.
Richard Nixon,
the whole Vietnam thing.
Area 51, and countless
clandestine operations.
Many of which, are still today,
highly classified.
You can trust me.
I won't say a thing
to anybody about anything.
Out of my hands,
bottom line is, you're here.
And now, we'd like you
to tell your Roswellian friends
that you'll be a good hound dog
and head for home.
I just need
a little bit of time, Bobby.
I'm not gonna argue this thing.
Either you do as I say, or...
well, we've got
your little girl.
I wanna see her now.
Okay.
Hi, baby.
I don't know you.
Let's go, JB.
Hi, baby.
I don't know you.
She doesn't know him.
His heart is breaking.
Hey, Big M.
Hey, Paulie,
usual for me, buddy,
and whatever
my friend here wants.
Right away.
So...
JB.
Glad we could have
a chance to talk.
Who in the hell are you?
I've been doing this
a long time,
a lot longer than the others,
and I dedicated most
of my life to this,
and I ain't never
heard of you, son.
So come on, fess up.
And then he told me everything.
My name...
is Elvis Presley.
I was born in Tupelo,
Mississippi in 1935.
He told me about
the aliens and the biosuit.
He told me
about the girl he had met
at the dance back in 1959.
And the secret they had
promised to keep, Linda.
She was my life.
And he told me
about how the CIA
had kidnapped her, and how
he needed to make things
right with her before he left.
And then he smiled
when he told me
about falling in love
with Jackie
and how people here on Earth
had really come through for him.
Like Agent Messina,
and Sonny, and The Rock.
He knew
he didn't have much time.
He knew he was risking his life.
If he didn't get back
to the ship in time,
the biosuit would fail,
and Elvis would die.
Still, he was happy
because a crew of friends
were on their way
to help him get Linda back.
People that he loved
and that loved him.
Hey, Sonny.
Holy mother of Memphis,
it's Sonny West.
How would you like to go on
a little adventure
of goodwill with me?
What kind of adventure, King?
Oh, one that involves a little
old fashioned butt kicking.
Like the old days.
Hey, all right.
Some butt kicking,
count me in, huh?
Hey, guys, count me in, too.
Let's go, baby.
Yeah, oh... Sonny West.
Oh, I can't believe it,
it's Sonny West.
Hey, grandma.
So off we all went
in a caravan
trying to get to the
CIA base and back
before that night's final round.
Of course,
we didn't get far before...
The thing was,
JB didn't have a license.
Or any record of even existing,
for that matter.
If this cop were to radio
back to headquarters
Messina knew the cat would
be outta the bag for sure.
Low roll the windows, please.
What's the problem, officer?
What do we have here,
an early Halloween party?
Officer, I'm a federal agent.
We need to be on our way.
All right.
Drive safe.
And don't be cruel.
- Thank you, sir.
- Oh, yeah.
Thank you very much.
Agent Messina
was as cool as they come.
He's left the contest?
Are you sure?
Who the hell are you?
Come on, baby,
we're outta this joint.
Not so fast, King.
Hi, Bobby.
King, you're mine now,
and you are not getting out
of this one easily.
Oh shit.
Come on.
JB, we gotta get down
to the finals, boy,
'cause if we're a no show,
they're gonna disqualify us.
I got some unfinished business
to take care of.
I will catch up
with you later, Big M.
All right.
but don't you be late,
'cause, uh...
if I'm gonna get beat out
by anybody,
it's gonna be The King.
It's gonna be an honor.
Big M, I really appreciate
everything you've done,
you and the boys.
Shucks, we ain't
done nothing but...
Thank you. Thank you very much.
So what now?
I really have to go now.
Let's go, Jackie.
The buffet is still open.
I'll take you there.
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
our first performer
in the final category is Big El.
♪ They say love is blind ♪
♪ I saw you the first time ♪
♪ But I can't go along
Believing your lies ♪
♪ You are not
Miss Innocent anymore ♪
♪ You are not Miss Innocent ♪
♪ Falsely accusing me
To cover the real score ♪
♪ You are not Miss Innocent ♪
♪ Anymore ♪
I know
they had a long way to go
to get back to the ship,
hours,
and Elvis was in bad shape.
When they finally
got back to the site
he was so weak
he could barely stand.
Well, I guess this is it, Sonny,
just for now though.
Well, at least this time,
I got to say goodbye, boss.
- Yeah.
- You sure did.
Rock.
You're The King.
I love ya, bro.
Ladies and gentlemen, Big M.
I made it back
in the nick of time.
And had the show of my life.
♪ Oh, girl ♪
♪ Be my baby tonight ♪
♪ The whole world ♪
Messina.
I really wanna thank you
for everything you've done.
You've really been
a good friend.
Well, you deserved
a second chance, JB.
Thank you.
Thank you,
thank you so very much.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I am sorry to announce
that Mr. John Burrows
is not able to do his final set.
So, um, stay calm,
stay calm for just a minute.
Now listen, unfortunately,
due to strict contest rules,
he is in default,
and therefore is disqualified
from the competition.
But what we're gonna,
just stay, stay, hold on,
what we're gonna do
is we're just, hold on!
Could you get off?
Hey, hey, get!
I'm not ever gonna
see you again, am I?
Never?
Don't ever say never, honey.
Okay, now listen to me.
I've gotta go somewhere right
now where nobody can follow,
not even you, baby doll.
But Agent Messina
over there
and the boys
will take care of you, okay?
I love you, honey.
Remember,
I'll be out there forever.
I'll always love you.
He can't make it. Help him.
Help him.
Thank you, thank you,
ladies and gentlemen.
Now that was exciting
and that's what
Las Vegas is all about.
So now, ladies and gentlemen,
the winner of tonight's
1970's Elvis World
Crown Competition is...
The Big M!
Thank you all, thank you all.
This is for you, JB.
Wherever you are.
Ladies and gentlemen, tonight,
right after the contest,
police swarmed the theater
and quickly apprehended
our wining contestant Big M.
With half a million dollars
as motive,
he is the cheap suspect
in the disappearance
of contest favorite,
Mr. John Burrows.
With no evidence to speak of,
police will have to let it go.
Big M says he's innocent,
claiming aliens are to blame.
Tune in tomorrow
for all that and more.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Give it up, give it up
Give it up ♪
♪ Ho ♪
♪ We're alive
On the dance floor ♪
♪ Sitting at the table ♪
♪ It doesn't really matter
For the kind that is able ♪
♪ Take my high the pressures
I'd a never known ♪
♪ Every time I see you
I'm outta control ♪
♪ My temperature's rising
And I'm stuck on go, let's go ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Oh, rock me baby ♪
♪ Ooh, I know you're ready ♪
♪ Come a little closer ♪
♪ Come here outta sight ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ I'm a rockin'
Your world tonight ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You are not Miss Innocent ♪
♪ Harmless and sensitive
As you've been before ♪
♪ You are not Miss Innocent ♪
♪ Falsely accusing me
To cover the real score ♪
♪ You are not
Miss Innocent anymore ♪
♪ Ho ♪
♪ The moment that
You walked into the room ♪
♪ I knew you were the one ♪
♪ You sparked a love
Light in my eyes ♪
♪ Sent me on a run ♪
♪ If I never
Would have known you ♪
♪ Don't know what I'd do ♪
♪ Baby, it was you ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm just a ghost
I'm no good ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Please come back
Please come home ♪
♪ Without you here
I feel unknown ♪